
 --- Environment setup ---

- In order to build the project the following environment variable must be set
  NDK_TOOLCHAIN_VERSION=4.8 

- Developed under: Ubuntu 14.04 LTS, kernel: 3.13.0-24-generic

- Used GCC version: 4.8.2

- Android NDK: r9d (64-bit)

- Some C++11/STL functionality is used to implement JNI module therefore
  streamer/build.gradle has been updated accordingly

- local.properties - contains the paths to the NDK and ADT; update according to
  yours if necessary

- to build the project call './gradlew build' it will download gradle if
  necessary and call.  call './gradlew tasks' to see other useful
  tasks/commands.

- launch_tomcat.sh script is used to monitor the output (stdout, stderr,
  stdlog) of our application.  For more sophisticated usage other filtering
  should be applied on tomcat.

- Unit tests are available in the unit-tests directory.  Just call 'make run'
  which will build and run the C++ based unit tests.

 --- Implementation details ---

From the high level the source code is divided into 2 pieces - Java part
(managed side) and the JNI (C++) part.  The task is to trigger events on the
JNI side and send notifications to the Java side (presentation layer) of the
application.  

The JNI engine which triggers the events is started by the presentation layer
(Java) - UI thread, upon application activation and is suspended when
application is put to the background or is closed.

The engine starting function in the JNI code is called by the UI thread so, in
order to keep the UI thread responsive we create another thread inside JNI
which is generating events and calls Java method, which in its turn must update
the UI so we redirect the textView updating part to the UI thread.

Another solution would be to setup a Timer (or Handler) instead.  From JNI the
messages would be pushed to a  queue and the timer would read and display on
the UI.  But this would bring the overhead caused by the timer, synchronization
when reading/writing form the queue.

Depending on the frequency, size of the message the importance how fast they
should be displayed to the user, multiple messages could be grouped/packaged to
reduce the number of calls from/to JNI.
